♪ ♪
♪ If life is a game they
say I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothing... ♪
Mizar's been puttin'' us down
ever since he showed up here.
He says if we fail again,
we're through.
What should we do, Alito?
The answer is simple.
We have to succeed.
So I'm going to challenge
Astral and Yuma Tsukumo!
Challenge them
face-to-face?
You know what'll happen to
you if you lose, don't you?
Yeah, I know!
But I don't care, Girag!
As a matter of fact,
I welcome the danger!
I mean it!
I'm willing to put my
own future on the line
to prove I can outduel
both of them!
I won't let you do this.
(scoffing)
That fool!
♪ ♪
This will be the most
dangerous duel I ever had,
and I can't wait!
If he messes this up,
he's gonna be sorry big time!
(Kari)
All right, Yuma,
that's enough!
You really have to
stop stuffing your face
and get out the door!
You're late!
But I'm still hungry!
See you at dinner!
Incredible!
That kid has the appetite
of a brontosaur.
Yes, he does.
But luckily Yuma has me cooking
for him, so he won't go extinct.
That's true.
♪ ♪
(Ray) Wait up, Yuma!
Oh, hey.
What's up, Ray?
I knew it's your first day
back from the hospital,
so I waited for you!
Thanks but now
you'll be late, too!
Look!
(Yuma) What's going on?
♪ ♪
What do you guys want?
Clearly they stand
with Barian World.
Then we're in trouble.
(Yuma)
I've gotta keep Ray
out of this!
Quick, run!
Well, if you insist!
(Girag)
Sorry, Alito, but
I'm gonna do this my way.
We can't afford to fail.
I'm gonna stomp down
Yuma Tsukumo and Astral
then take all their Numbers!
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one ♪
♪ Cuz divided we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way ♪
♪ You know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time we're
in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today ♪
♪ You just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are
gone erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls ♪
♪ 'Til the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never ♪
♪ Our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ Our light
comes shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep ♪
♪ Beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to ♪
♪ Forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing ♪
♪ Believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
♪ ♪
(Rio) Hi, Tori!
Oh!
Hey, Rio!
How's it going?
I'm great!
Oh... I heard that Yuma's
coming back to school today.
Yeah!
Even though he never bathes
and burps in public,
it's going to be
great to have him back.
(laughing)
(gasping)
There is danger.
What do you mean?
A darkness approaches
and threatens the light.
It comes for Yuma.
Are you sure?
We have to help him!
♪ ♪
(Yuma)
Come on, I think
we're losing them!
Great!
There goes our escape route!
We're boxed in!
(Yuma)
These guys are all gonna
duel me at once?
Looks like they're
definitely playing for keeps!
And if I lose, Astral's
done for!
What am I gonna do?
(Shark) Heads up, Yuma!
Shark!
I heard there might be a duel
and I didn't wanna miss out.
(Tori) He's not the only one!
(Ray) It's Tori, and Rio!
If you want to
take these clowns down...
Then you'll need some
girl power!
Awesome!
Welcome to the team you two!
Okay, guys...
Let's do this!
Duel Disk go!
(Shark)
I'm locked
and loaded!
(Rio) Me too!
Duel Gazer let's roll!
(all) Let's duel!
(Girag)
I can't stand
party crashers!
Spoilin' all my fun!
But I invited a
surprise guest of my own!
Go at 'em, Big Jaws!
Gulp Grind Attack!
Bring it on!
Why don't you
attack all at once
so we can finish
you off faster?
(Rio) Your turn, Zerofyne!
Put them on ice
with Icicle Storm!
Yuma, time for you to
take a crack at them!
Round 'em up, Gagaga Cowboy!
Attack that desperado directly!
No problem...
We can handle this crowd.
Sorry, Yuma.
But I have no choice.
You're on their side?
The enemies of Barian World
must be destroyed.
(laughing)
Hey, I remember you!
You're the guy who
teamed up with me
for the Friendship Games!
So, are you mixed up
with these guys too!?
You might say that.
In fact, I'm
running this show.
Get the picture, twerp?
He must have come from Barian!
Your right!
So you're the one
controlling this mob?
Yeah.
I am Girag...
a Barian warrior!
But enough talk...
Fall in, troops!
Launch an all-out
assault on Yuma and Astral!
(shouting)
(Girag)
Summon your monsters
and prepare to attack!
You better have the best
defense ever, Yuma...
'cause they're
all comin' after you!
A mass attack!
This is serious.
Their combined force
will be overpowering.
All monsters move in on Yuma
and strike him down now!
(growling and shouting)
I'll put a stop to this Yuma!
Go Lightning Clinch!
Not you!
I may lose 3,000 life points,
but you and your army
are gonna have to try
a different approach if you
want to KO me and get to Yuma!
(groaning)
Alito!
Are you okay!
Say something please!
Alito!
Why?
Why are you helping him!?
That's my business!
I draw!
I'm activating
the spell Brain Reboot!
When I have a thousand life
points or less,
this spell immediately
sends all of your monsters
back to your hands,
and then delivers
a knockout blow
that'll send
your pathetic partners
flying to the floor for
a ten count!
(screaming)
(groaning)
You... traitor...
How dare you!
Whose side are you on, Alito?
We were given a mission!
We need that kid's
Numbers to save our world
and it's our job to take "'em
any way we can!
Yeah, I'm aware of that.
I know what I need to do!
What the huh?
You mean you're from Barian?
So why are you
standing in my way?
Oh, you know why.
I already told you I'll
beat Yuma and Astral by myself!
There's too much at stake!
We can't afford to
take any chances this time.
This Yuma's a lot tougher
than you think!
He's a great duelist!
I know.
That's why I want
to confront him all alone.
I'll beat him and then take
all of his Numbers,
proving I'm the best!
My loyalty is to Barian World,
but I'm a duelist first!
Alito!
That's why I decided
to settle this my way,
by dueling with honor!
It's a disgrace to rig
a battle the way you did!
Now get out of here!
You will duel me, won't you?
Hold up!
If I accept I'm gonna have
to put my Numbers on the line,
right?
Of course.
But Yuma, we'll both
be dueling for Numbers
and for our very survival.
Survival?
I'm willing to risk
everything to duel against you!
I'll beat both you and Astral!
He is
determined to confront us.
Like it or not, sooner or later
we will have to face him.
Then why wait?
Let's do it!
You're so eager to battle us,
then bring it on we're ready!
I knew you wouldn't
let me down!
And I promise
not to disappoint.
I activate a Barian
Sphere Field!
♪ ♪
Now, Yuma, we'll make this
the most epic battle ever!
Yeah!
I'm ready!
And rarin' to go!
Same here!
Get set to get decked!
Not gonna happen!
(both) Let's duel!
♪ ♪
(Yuma)
I can't believe
Alito's a Barian!
If he wins, he'll take
all our Numbers!
I'm going first, Yuma!
The battle begins now!
I'll start by summoning
Battlin' Boxer Headgeared!
And since I can't
attack on the first turn,
I can summon a second
bruiser to my field.
Go to your corner,
Battlin' Boxer Sparrer!
Alito now has two Level 4
monsters on his field, Yuma.
I overlay both my Level 4
Battlin' Boxers!
With these two monsters
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Battlin' Boxer
Lead Yoke!
We faced the same monster
last time we dueled him.
Oh, yeah...
When Lead Yoke uses
an Overlay Unit,
you can hit it as hard
as you like in battle,
but it's impossible to destroy.
And on top of that,
it gains 800 attack points!
He kept clobbering me with
this monster in our last time
and he almost won!
I place three cards
facedown and end my turn.
Your move, Yuma!
What is he up to?
It is possible he is setting up
the same "counter" strategy
he tried before.
That was genius!
Alito "countered"
every move against him
and it made him even stronger!
I barely managed to
figure out a way around it.
Only this time
the stakes are greater,
so we must expect
the unexpected.
Stop stalling and
make a move already!
Here goes!
Whatever your strategy is,
I'm gonna win this my way!
I draw!
I'll start with one of my go-to
monsters, Gagaga Magician!
And since it's a
Level 4 Gagaga monster...
I can summon another
Gagaga from my hand!
It's playtime little fella!
I'm gonna activate
its special ability!
As quick as it can polish
off an ice pop,
it's goin' to Level 4,
just like Gagaga Magician!
And now I'm going to overlay
my two Level 4 Gagagas!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Number
39: Utopia!
Soon you're gonna be all mine.
And just like you, I'll put
three cards facedown!
So, I see you're
trying to negate
my counter strategy again!
Maybe.
For now though, I'll end my...
Sorry, but you're not
ending anything
till I activate my
Overlay Flash spell!
A spell?
He's pulling a fast one
to catch Yuma off guard!
Overlay Flash uses up one
of my Battlin' Boxer
Lead Yoke's Overlay Units
in order to negate the special
abilities of your Utopia!
No!
Your mighty Utopia is
now totally vulnerable.
But that's not your
only problem!
Since Lead Yoke just
lost an Overlay Unit,
it gets 800 attack
points stronger!
His tactics are more
aggressive than I expected.
If only there were some way
you could activate
your Fiery Fervor card.
Since his monster's attack
points have increased,
you could use that trap to
double Utopia's attack points.
But since you just placed
it facedown,
we cannot activate it.
We have found ourselves in
a most precarious situation.
I guess I'll finally
end my turn now.
It's my move...
I draw!
Lead Yoke strike down Utopia!
This resembles the attack
on Gauntlet Launcher
in your last duel.
You're right!
So I'll do what I did
last time, use Battle Rush!
This trap protects my monster so
you can't destroy it in battle,
but that's not all!
Any damage I would have
taken... you take instead!
You're gonna have to do way
better than that, Yuma.
I can easily counter it
by using Fancy Footwork.
This trap destroys your trap!
So once again it's
bye-bye Battle Rush!
But I can trump
your counter move
just like the last
time we dueled!
I activate another
trap card... Xyz Strike!
When you activate a trap
when two Xyz
Monsters are battling,
my Xyz Strike destroys
your trap!
Next, I'll draw
one card from my deck
and if it happens to
be a monster card,
then it's bad news for you.
That's because Utopia
and Lead Yoke
will switch attack points...
but Lead Yoke's points
will become zero
until the end of the battle!
If you thought I'd
fall for that trap again,
you underestimated
me big-time!
I'm gonna outmaneuver
your counter move
by activating Counter Clash!
What's that!?
He was planning this all along!
It's a trap card that targets
a trap you activated
during battle and
wipes it out completely!
And as an added bonus
Counter Clash doubles the damage
you take during this battle!
Lead Yoke has 500 more
attack points than Utopia,
so you're taking a thousand
points of damage!
Lead Yoke, attack Utopia!
Knock it out and
send Yuma flying!
Lead Yoke, attack Utopia!
Knock it out and
send Yuma flying!
(grunting)
I'll turn it over
to you now, Yuma.
That move was outstanding!
I could sense that you were
totally feelin' the flow
on that last attack.
And now I'm feelin'
more charged up than ever
about this duel!
That's the spirit!
Let's take it to
the next level!
We'll go at it head-to-head,
leaving it all
on the duel field,
'til the best one's
left standing!
He sounds just like Yuma.
All right then.
You better watch out, Alito,
'cause I'm not pullin'
any punches!
Yes!
I'll start my turn by activating
the spell Xyz Revenge!
It's time to start
makin' my comeback!
Since your Xyz Monster
has an Overlay Unit...
I can summon an Xyz monster
from the graveyard!
Come on back, Utopia!
Utopia's at full strength
and ready to rumble!
This spell also lets my Utopia
steal one Overlay Unit
from yours!
I'm glad you took
that Overlay Unit,
because you just made Lead
Yoke 800 points stronger!
Bad move!
Now that Xyz Monster's gonna
be even harder to beat!
Maybe... or maybe not.
Use your trap.
I will!
I activate my
Fiery Fervor trap card!
Since Alito's monster
gained attack points,
this trap can now be equipped
on to Utopia.
Fiery Fervor doubles Utopia's
attack points, just as planned!
He just pulled off a
perfect counter move.
And I fell for it!
It's now or never, Utopia!
Give it all you've got!
Strike Lead Yoke with Rising Sun
Double Flare Slash!
(groaning)
That's it, Yuma.
Finish him off!
He can't.
Not on this turn anyway.
Trust me, guys.
It's far from over.
So Yuma could still lose...
Come on!
We still have lots of
battling to do, Alito!
Yeah.
You're right.
Let's go!
(Astral)
It seems Yuma and Alito are
perfectly matched as opponents.
I am curious how this duel will
evolve moving forward.
(gasping)
This Barian Sphere Field is
starting to drain my powers...
just at the moment Yuma will
most need my help!